000-template.rst, before:

**************************
NEP-000: Proposal template
**************************

=================  ==================================
Stage              Idea -> In progress -> Implemented
Proposed by        Your name <your@email.com>
Approved by
Implemented by
Completion date
Implemented in
=================  ==================================

Context
=======

Describe the part of the ecosystem you aim to enhance.
Why is this enhancement needed?

Proposal
========

Give a short summary of your proposal.
What are you proposing?

Details
=======

Provide additional details in this section.
While you should keep other sections short,
feel free to use as much space as you want here.

You can make additional sections
--------------------------------

Which can include source code::

  "like this!"

And references to `external resources <https://github.com/nengo/>`_.

Pros and cons
=============

No proposal is perfect.
In order to best review a proposal,
please provide:

* A list of pros

And:

* A list of cons

These lists help maintainers evaluate the proposal.
Maintainers may add to these lists during the review process.

Commit message:

New idea: network and model transforms
Also added a discussion section to the template so that we can
record what is discussed during dev meetings.

000-template.rst, after:

**************************
NEP-000: Proposal template
**************************

=================  ==================================
Stage              Idea -> In progress -> Implemented
Proposed by        Your name <your@email.com>
Approved on
Implemented by
Completion date
Implemented in
=================  ==================================

Context
=======

Describe the part of the ecosystem you aim to enhance.
Why is this enhancement needed?

Proposal
========

Give a short summary of your proposal.
What are you proposing?

Details
=======

Provide additional details in this section.
While you should keep other sections short,
feel free to use as much space as you want here.
However, restrain yourself to making
one single, concrete proposal.
If some parts of the proposal
have alternatives,
include them in the discussion section below.

You can make additional sections
--------------------------------

Which can include source code::

  "like this!"

And references to `external resources <https://github.com/nengo/>`_.

Pros and cons
=============

No proposal is perfect.
In order to best review a proposal,
please provide:

* A list of pros

And:

* A list of cons

These lists help maintainers evaluate the proposal.
Maintainers may add to these lists during the review process.

Discussion
==========

List discussion points about the detailed description.
This can include salient alternatives to the proposal,
or anything else that you think should be discussed.

One section per discussion point
--------------------------------

Each discussion point will be discussed
at a developer meeting.

After the meeting,
update the proposal with a summary
of the discussion for each point.
